ok
sid meier's civilization for beyond the
sword the latest expansion pack to
practice games 2005 pc game of the year
takes civilization for two places that
it has never been before with tender
civilizations 16 new leaders over 30 new
units and a ton of new game features
beyond the sword is far and away the
biggest civilization expansion pack in
the history of the series focusing on
the modern era and beyond the expansion
adds a whole slew of new ways for
players to rule the planet and brings
back some old favorites an expanded tech
tree and updated space race victory and
an early game United Nation style wonder
known as the Apostolic Palace are but a
few of the new ways in which players can
conquer the world of civilization
corporations similar to religions for
the late game allow players to make
money spread goods among their cities
and battle their opponents for precious
natural resources and for those feeling
a little underhanded the Espionage
system and beyond the sword lets players
sneak on an epic scale allowing them to
engage in ferocious covert activities
along with the greatly enhanced AI and a
brand new random event system beyond the
sword dramatically ramps up the epic
game of civilization for from the hills
of medieval Europe to the farthest
reaches of outer space the scenarios of
beyond the sword will take players to
places they've never thought possible
players can rule an outer space Empire
in final frontier with over a dozen new
units a unique tech tree and a vast
interstellar battlefield or command your
very own squadron of grave bringers
through herds of nightmarish creatures
in after World the first tactical squad
based mod built in the civ4 engine or
why not battle for the right to be named
the next holy roman emperor in
Charlemagne where guile Grace and the
brand new advanced art system will give
players a previously impossible level of
customization in their empire building
and a chance to proclaim themselves rule
of all of Europe for pride back the icy
fingers of the god of winter in fall
from heaven age of ice the latest in the
fall from heaven series the number one
fan created mod for civilization for
available exclusively in beyond the
sword never before has an expansion pack
provided so much to so many in one
package sid meier's civilization for
beyond the sword it's beyond anything
you've ever seen in soon and it's coming
to a store near you july two thousand
seven